README.md, before:

# 🏠 Homiq - Real Estate Frontend

## 🌐 Live Demo

[Live Demo](https://homiq.ahmedrehandev.net)

### ⚡ Tech Stack

- ⚛️ **React**
- 🧭 **React Router v7**
- 🔄 **TanStack Query (React Query)**
- 🏗 **Zustand**
- 🎨 **Tailwind CSS**
- 🖼 **UI Libraries:** Shadcn/UI, DaisyUI, Mantine, Material UI
- 📝 **TypeScript**
- ✅ **Zod (Validations)**
- ✨ **Framer Motion (Animations)**
- 📡 **Axios**

### 📌 Description

Homiq Frontend is fully responsive with excellent UI layouts. Features include:

- 🏘 Adding and selling properties
- 🔍 Browsing properties
- 📞 Contact Us section
- ⭐ Adding reviews

### 📸 Screenshot:

![frontend image](./public/frontend.jpg)

### 💻 Installation & Run

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Ahmed-HA-RE/real-estate-frontend.git

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run in development mode
npm run dev
```

### MIT License:

Copyright (c) 2025 Ahmed Haitham

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

Commit message:

refactor: change property tab in index.tsx to better ui responsive design

README.md, after:

# 🏠 Homiq - Real Estate Frontend

## 🌐 Live Demo

[Live Demo](https://homiq.ahmedrehandev.net)

### ⚡ Tech Stack

- ⚛️ **React**
- 🧭 **React Router v7**
- 🔄 **TanStack Query (React Query)**
- 🏗 **Zustand**
- 🎨 **Tailwind CSS**
- 🖼 **UI Libraries:** Shadcn/UI, DaisyUI, Mantine, Material UI
- 📝 **TypeScript**
- ✅ **Zod (Validations)**
- ✨ **Framer Motion (Animations)**
- 📡 **Axios**

### 📌 Description

Homiq Frontend is fully responsive with excellent UI layouts. Features include:

- 🔐 Full authentication system with forms for **login**, **signup**, and **password recovery**
- ⚙️ User **settings page** to manage profile details, avatar, and password updates
- 🏘 Adding and selling properties with integrated backend API
- 🧾 Viewing and managing **all user-listed properties**
- 🔍 Advanced property browsing and filtering
- ⭐ Adding and viewing reviews
- 📞 Contact Us section for user inquiries

### 📸 Screenshot:

![frontend image](./public/frontend.jpg)

### 💻 Installation & Run

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Ahmed-HA-RE/real-estate-frontend.git

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run in development mode
npm run dev
```

### MIT License:

Copyright (c) 2025 Ahmed Haitham

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
